# PyForex
 PyForex is a python framework for custom strategie testing, visualization, and even live/demo trading (indicators or AI models) in FOREX, Commodities, and Cryptocurrency markets.


**Requirements**
First, you need to install some necessary packages to make use of the entirety of the framework. (You might have to do a custom installation of some packages depending on your system (In my case, it was opencv and ta-lib).

	#Basic packages
	pip install matplotlib, pandas, numpy, scipy, pyts, mplfinance, opencv-desktop, ta-lib, MetaTrader5, backtesting
	#DL packages
	conda install tensorflow-gpu
 
For the candle data acquisition, you'll need to install the Metatrader4 of your desired broker to use the dataset.mq4 script. This will allow you to download the candle data and copy the generated CSV file in the ./data/csv/ folder.


## Purposes of the framework ##

The framework will have these main purposes (The framework is underswork so : 

 * **Visualization and data saving**

  	* In the Experiment.py script, you'll find sample code on how to visualize different types of data (Candles, Candles + indicators, PNG Charts, GASF visualization, etc..) 

  	* In the ./data_utils/getdata.py script, you'll find the main code for generation the npy files from csv candle data to use in Deep learning purposes

 * **Strategy backtesting**
 
  	* The backtest.py file contains the main squeleton for strategy building. it supports both typical strategies as well as strategies relying on deep learning/machine learning models. Feel free to check the main documentation of [backtesting.py](https://kernc.github.io/backtesting.py/) to get familiar with how to build the strategies.

* **Deep learning applciation on candle data(code Squeleton building underwork)**

    * This part of the framework will help you test the deep learning models you have in mind on the data generated by the get_data.py script. This script can generate the following modalities:
        * Candles PNG charts (For vision based DL/ML)
        * Candle OHLC data (For time-series based DL/ML)
        * Gramian Angular Field data
        * And the following labels: Buy/Sell/hold(classification) and future OHLC window (regression)
